1. Review the title. 
2. Explain what the Chi-square value and P-value mean for each survey question? How to intepret these two values (What is the question that those two values are used to answer)?
3. More analysis. The result and conclusion are too straightforward. Maybe the authors could conduct a deeper analysis to perhaps answer some more interesting questions, such A more important question would be Why? For example, do oncologists at different ages have statistically different opinions on ORM? Is there any correlation between Q15: I welcome the idea of managing my online reputation and Q11: I blieve online review are more impactful than "word of mouth" or Q12: I believe that patient read online review? In another word, how does the current practise affected by oncologists' understanding of online review? And maybe the authors could further discuss the reason why some oncologists do not welcome the idea of managing their online reputation.   
4. 



This article investigates oncologists' awareness of online reputation management (ORM).  The authors conducted a suvey of 85 oncologists with 15 questions.  The conclusion is that many oncologists are not familiar with ORM and make little efforts to manage their online reputation.  I found the article is well-written and is easy to follow, however, it does not demonstrate that the results are somewhat important and meaningful.  Without going through the paper, many readers would expect that some oncologists are not familar with ORM and many spend little time on ORM given their heavy clinical responsibilities and the difficulties of managing online reputation.  Maybe the authors could write some sentences to discuss the importance of this study and its impacts besides confirming a reasonable guess on doctors' aware of ORM.  The survey consists 15 questions, among which, 3 questions ask about oncologists' self identification (Job, experience, and location).  The data analysis part is straight forward, which basically reports the percentage of the oncologists who chose a option in each survey question.  In its current form, this article reads more like a newspaper report rather than a scientific paper, although it has all the required components of a scientific paper and is perfectly formated. 

To improve this paper, I would suggest the authors to dig deeper into the data and to conduct a more comprehensive analysis. E.g. There are five groups of oncologists who took this survey, are there any perference for oncologists with different experience? Oncologists with less experience may be younger, they may use internet more often in their daily life and may take their online reputation more seriously. Can the survey data approve/dis-approve this statement? Are there any preference for oncologists with different practice? E.g. are academic/university practice oncologists more concerns about their online reputation or are they more welcome to advices? There are some other examples: Q15 (I welcome the idea of managing my online reputation) and Q11 (I believe online reviews are more impactful than "word of mouth").  Are there any correlection between the two questions? In another word, can oncologists' choiceson Q15 be explained by their choices on Q11 (or Q15 and Q12), or how much can it be explained? Is oncologists's choice on Q9 (I am concerned about my reputation) correlated with their choices on Q15 (I welcome the idea of managing my online reputation)? Base on those analysis, can we get some ideas or possible reasons of oncologists' preferences and behaviors on their ORM? 

In addition, I have two specific comments: 
1. I would suggest the authors to revise the title to better reflect/summarize the content of this article. Something like "Investigation of radiatioin oncologists' awareness on ORM" might be more proper. 

2. Please explain what the Chi-square value and P-value mean for each survey question, how should the readers intepret these two values. E.g. Q5 in the survey: Does your practice perform patient satisfaction surveys? A. Yes, on paper; B. Yes, online; C. No. The Chi-square is 36.5 and the p-value is <0.0001 for this question. What do these two numbers mean? 
